hi all guys are always too many
90 and here I am those boys today returned
as promised its coverage as you see
I'm live on the league and back with the m
p 7 on this fantastic game binds in
comments if you prefer this cost but me
you already know
you know what I think collaboration
let's see if we can win this game
boy weights but wow sometimes in savi
Scotland between beautiful and strambles context
this time I haven't been behind
it doesn't transform us by seeing the radar
my mother with the seven wise men and returns
the nicest weapon you would have back
at 15 seconds I have to take the ascom
for the next one they are changing it
they are in blue surely lies the r
perfect back there
you have to use your head now fatigue says
life that is definitely like each other
I insecure people we throw away
a smoke
we come from behind and change them spawn
perfect therefore we have the TV commercial
no
but in the blues phone calls I must
get them you have to burn them if you do n't
they take the post
dry
do me still remember this well
game and I still remember it well there
take the bank at 10 seconds
perfect and guys
perfect
now we have to avoid that they take us
the spawn
here has already changed one day
location station ok now need to
just wait for them
the contested setting
I hear someone close
fear
is already past
so there were a few days together
even a nice team work these comas not
they know they know they don't need you
block spawn
over
eliminated means there was a nuclear
in live k no no no stealth helicopter
just against 30 quintano
ok but if the double parade
now but it is true it seems to remember this
training
the enemies have conquered the post
this had never gone with her behind
and that I know hecker to the tsar man goodbye
stop
here we go
I hope you did n't
associating too much
each mmc that you say binds
lady there is a school behind this
no here is not yet the brat but we are
for dogs we took really dogs
but they acquire a beauty, however
here he is, bring him dogs to the lod
get together the roadster ally in
arrival goracci have conquered the
location
no, only one league remained anyway
this to make you understand that alloy remains
alive but this game is completely
different from goss that here frontals it
whoever is more burns wins is better not
like ghosts that I had here
against maybe they didn't even go
negative on the possible study of
little dogs is a demonstration boys
of the big difference there is
between ghost and black ops 2 ghost anyway it is
it was a game that gave birth to it
on youtube introduced me to the
competitive so I will remember for
as long as I still consider the game the
best gt drop i ever have ever
played together in t4 colors
even for the people I played with
for the experiences the milan hares I have
did have been made us alone
this year the year before because you do not
I had never done so then guys
the video is finished and I hope there is
liked the game quite short
let's say pretty
so guys left well i like it
you succeeded the video and you get the
next video of the league